well Sonia May nox is a communications
director of the Jewish voice for peace
she joins us live from Washington DC
welcome to the program overall then what
does this protest actually hope to
achieve this protest gathered over 400
American Jews rabbis uh students
descendants of Holocaust survivors from
all across the country gathered together
in the heart of Congress to tell our
president to tell our vice president to
tell our elected official
that what we need right now is a weapons
embargo we need an end to the US funding
and and aiding the and sending weapons
to the Israeli military we need a
ceasefire right now and the only way
we're going to get that is through a
permanent weapons embargo that will
ensure that our weapons are not being
used to commit a genocide but how much
impact can you actually have though when
you consider how committed the US
Administration is when it comes to
Israel
the US Administration um likes to
pretend that it is completely um
oblivious to everything that um the
incredibly popular Palestinian
Liberation movement across the United
States and the world has been doing and
yet we have seen seismic shifts it's not
enough we are going to continue pressing
we are going to continue doing more but
the only way that US foreign policy has
ever shifted to Center human rights in
its long history of doing terribly
egregious things has been when there has
been a popular Uprising demanding change
and we are seeing that right now we were
400 people having a peaceful Civil
Disobedience sitting in the heart of
Congress but we represented the majority
of American voters we represented the
majority of the American Jewish
population all of whom want to cease
fire and support a weapons embargo let
me ask you then have you had any contact
with the families of captives trying to
lobby for their release and what have
they said to
you we haven't met with those people but
do have members with us who also have
either family members or friends that
are um that that are that are captive
and we know from our from their
conversations with their families and
with their friends back in Israel that
what everybody wants is to see a
ceasefire and a diplomatic solution
because that's the only way we're going
to actually have a a future where
everybody where're Palestinians where
Israelis where everybody is safe and
free and equal what kind of reaction
then have you had to this protest and
what happens
next uh the the reaction from um the
people that happened to be in in the
building was quite positive the police
were um obviously distressed um and uh
they arrested over 300 of us um but we
are going to keep going and tomorrow uh
us-based Palestinian groups are
organizing a massive massive protest so
that the exact same time as the war
criminal Netanyahu is addressing US
Congress thousands and tens of thousands
of people all wearing red will be
forming a giant red line around Congress
demanding this is the red line we have
to have a weapons embargo now and Jewish
voiceful peace will be will be there in
the midst son Maron KN thanks very much
indeed for joining us here on Al
jaer thank you so
much make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler